Next up a quick side note about the old way of making variables before Lenten concert where a thing
you had to use the VAR keyword so far.
And then the same exact format variable name equals some value.
Now I'm showing it to you not because you should use it.
There is really no situation where it makes sense to use these days but you will see it all the time
if you research online.
If you're looking at older code bases even if you just google variables and J.S. the first result still
uses var so it still works.
You can make a variable and do everything you need to do.
It's just not ideal and it's hard to explain exactly why right now until we talk about things like functions
and conditionals and blocks.
So for now just know that VARs the old way of doing it you shouldn't really be writing var declarations
in plus.
For some reason you're working on it old code base where VAR is used everywhere but I did want to show
it to you just so that you're aware of it.
It's something we can't really ignore.
So we could make a variable using var let's do var eggs equals twelve and we have eggs and everything
else works exactly the same.
Eggs plus two plus plus.
We now have 13 eggs.
We can reset it so it's not like const.
It's more like let let's go with eggs equals zero.
We eat all the eggs or maybe a evil raccoon eat them all.
And now we're down to zero.
So that's it.
It works just like let but there are some significant differences.
Once we talk about scoping so I don't want you to think that it's exactly identical to let.
Otherwise there'd be no reason to use let over var.
There are some differences in how they work in certain situations.
Also I just want to talk about this briefly letting concert are new as I mentioned.
The relatively new at least compared to the lifespan of JavaScript.
If we go to M.D. end let's look at let.
Scroll down to the very bottom you'll see a browser support her browser compatibility chart or table
and it shows you green vs. yellow and red would be for no support in certain browsers.
You can see that light is supported across all the major browsers.
It looks like Internet Explorer doesn't fully support it but if you click here it's a very small edge
case or it's on an edge case if there's a specific situation where it is not as optimized but it still
works.
So it's not going to cause any problems or errors.
Anyway the point here is that light is supported everywhere you'd need to use it.
So because of that there's not really a good reason to use VR anymore.
It used to be that Latin cons weren't fully supported in all the main browsers and that was a good reason
to at least know about VR and potentially use it these days.
There's not really a case for VR that's it.
VARs the old way of doing things.
You probably will see it.
I don't recommend you use it.